Now I would like to show another way about testing API request.
This lecture is focusing to digest version of our test.
At the test sit up lecture.
We installed the package.
Let's open the package.
And the package was this MSW and it is time to use it.
Unfortunately, this is not working stable in car test, so we are going to use it only in the just
test.
Now.
Let's see.
What is this MSW for?
So the mocking is useful technique to make our test to run in a predictable environment.
But as we can see here, it is directly related to our implementation.
Like here, we switch from fetch to HTP client and our tests failed.
But on the other hand, from user point of view in browser, nothing has changed.
The scenario is working exactly the same.
MSW can be used to intercept the actual requests and return the responses we are setting.
So with this way we wouldn't be paying attention about what we are using as a client.
Let's do that now.
We are going to update the signup just test and we will use MSW here.
Previously we marked the fetch, then we had this test module for HTTP client.
Now instead of those we are going to have mock service worker and for that we are going to import rest
from MSW and we are going to import setup server from MSW node package.
Now in this just test module, we no longer need this client testing module, but we can go with the
HTTP client module.
So the one coming from the angler common is the package.
So we are not going to use the client testing module and just removing this line.
We are not going to use the Tibetan string controller as well.
So we have this rest and set up server.
And we replaced the client testing module with this client module.
Now let's go to the test.
We need server and in this one we were using the testing controller.
But now instead of that we will do like this before rendering the component.
We will create a server.
So we will have a server here and we call setup server to create one.
And this function is taking request handlers and we can create request handler right here.
We can use rest the one we imported from the MSW and it has the functionalities of all the rest functions
like post, get delete and we can use post here because we are sending post request and we are setting
the path.
The path is API one zero users and then the second parameter is the the one we have the handler function.
So we have the request is a param for this one response and context.
And let's define a narrow function here.
So in this function we will receive the request.
And from this request we can take the request body.
So like this request, but it is here and we can assign it to a variable here, request body and let's
say this is going to be like this, but the typescript is complaining because we defined request.
But later now we are not going to use this part.
We are not going to be using the controller or we are not going to take the request from that one.
So just removing that, so we have this request.
But here, by the way, that's remove the testing controller from here as well.
So we are going to take the request from this request object and this is an actual server like environment
for us.
And as a result we can return a response.
And in this response we can set the status like this context status 200 and we can set response body
whatever we want.
At the moment I'm just returning empty object.
So this is the server and this is the handler and we need to run this server in listening mode.
So we have this mock service worker ready.
Then our application is rendered.
Then we are clicking the button.
Now after clicking the button request is not immediately hits to this one and assigns the request,
but it to.
Here this is running in async, so we must be waiting, waiting to make sure this request body is assigned.
It's not remaining undefined.
It's going to be assigned to this value.
And for that, the testing library has a functionality and that functionality is wait for.
So it's coming from this one testing library, angular.
And this is async functionality, so it's taking a callback and also it has a weight here.
Then we can move this expect into this weight for callback.
Like this.
But now the typescript is complaining about this request for it to be implicitly any.
We can say it is any.
And this is gone.
Now let's save this one.
And here we can see the test is passing.
So with this way, we don't we don't know anything about the client we are using and we can verify this
one like this.
We can go back to sign up component and just comment out this HTP client and.
Use the fetch again.
Let's save this.
And this one is also passing.
So our test is not affected from that change.
In the course, I will be using the topic line so it's time to remove the fetch part and.
And I think the HTP client Bec and let's save this and let's also refactor our tests.
This server can be used in multiple tests.
We don't need to repeat the steps in each of the tests like we can just cut this part from this test.
And let's go top and define the.
The server here and let's make sure before all test this server lesson will be running like this.
So before all test, this one is going to be called.
Then.
The server will be available for each of these tests.
And after all of the rollout is completed, we can call server close.
So just like that.
And since we are not using the test bed anymore, we can remove this and we are not using the fetch
in the application so we can remove this one as well.
And let's save again.
And the tests are passing and now we have server ready for each of these tests and we can use that one
whenever we need.